PLEASE SEE INCLUDED HW3.HTML FILE ASWELL


I sometimes take the stand of the user when building products.  
In this case, any updates made by an administrator should reflect on the user's side at a specific time 
designated time or send the users a notification as to scheduled maintenance. From a usability 
stand point having a complex grid such as the flightplan table update instantly would be a terrible experience.    
So, when is the right time to update the system? I would first take a look at our traffic pattersn and 
identify when there is overall less users utilizing the system.  Using Google analytics or even chartbeat 
would be ideal for this.  For argument sake, lets say that Saturdays at 2am is the low traffic hour.   
We would "publish" the changes then and all user's flightplans would reflect the new changes as soon as they logged back into 
the system. The current implementation does take into account revisions and will soon force the user to use the most up to date
flighplan revision for a department. 

If an andministrator makes a modification to a departments flightplan the user will retain their 
own copy along with the newly created or removed items.  Each newly created item will be highlited 
yellow while anything that has been removed will be highlighted red (TODO).  For historical auditing this is 
important to the user and the administrators/advisors since we dont want to lose any of the time and effort a user 
has commited to checkpoints already.  My system contains a "revision" column which accomidates this feature. Though its 
currently still in development it will allow a user to see the different changes to their oveall flightplan structure 
throughout time. 

If the student decides to change major the system allows the student to have multiple flightplans but only posses 
a single "active" flight plan at any given time.  The ORM design accomidates this and is presented in the 
user model.   On the site itself the user can navigate to the "Flightplans" link and view all flightplans they 
have accumulated over their use of the app.  



